Feature/#508 change pipeline config documentation entities section (#540)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/manuals/core/entities/scenario-cycle-mgt.md

- _**properties**_ is the complete dictionary of the scenario properties. It includes a copy of the properties
    of the scenario configuration, in addition to the properties provided at the creation and at runtime.
- _**cycle**_ is the cycle of the scenario.

> - _**tasks**_ is a dictionary holding the various tasks of the scenario. The key corresponds to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- _**tasks**_ is a dictionary holding the various `Task^`s of the scenario. The key corresponds to the
```

    task's _config_id_ (while the value is the task itself).

> - _**additional_data_nodes**_ is a dictionary holding the various additional data nodes of the scenario.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- _**additional_data_nodes**_ is a dictionary holding the various additional `DataNode^`s of the scenario. These are the data nodes disconnected from the executable graph.
```

    The key corresponds to the data node's _config_id_ (while the value is the data node itself).

> - _**data_nodes**_ is a dictionary holding all data nodes of the scenario including those in the executable graph

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- _**data_nodes**_ is a dictionary holding all `DataNode^`s of the scenario, including those in the executable graph
```

>     and the additional data nodes that are not part of the executable graph. The key corresponds to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    and the additional data nodes disconnected from the executable graph. The key corresponds to the
```

    data node's _config_id_ (while the value is the data node itself).

> - _**sequences**_ is a dictionary holding the various sequences of the scenario. The key corresponds to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- _**sequences**_ is a dictionary holding the various `Sequence^`s of the scenario. The key corresponds to the
```

>     sequence's _config_id_ (while the value is the sequence itself).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    sequence's _name_ (while the value is the sequence itself).
```

> - _**tag**_ is the tag used to search among the set of scenario's tag.
> - _**owner_id**_ is the identifier of the owner, which is the cycle of the scenairo.
> - _**name**_ is the name of scenario.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- _**tag**_ is the tag used to search among the set of scenario's tags.
- _**owner_id**_ is the identifier of the owner, which is the cycle of the scenario.
- _**name**_ is the name of the scenario.
```

    To specify how to compare scenarios on data nodes, you need to define comparison functions.
    Please refer to the [Scenario Config](../config/scenario-config.md) page.

# Add or remove sequences

A scenario can have multiple sequences. You can add a sequence or sequences to a scenario calling
`Scenario.add_sequences()` and provide it with a dictionary with the key being the sequence name and
the value is a list of `Task^`s. In contrast, you can also remove a sequence or sequences from a scenario using
`Scenario.remove_sequences()` and provide the function with a sequence name or a list of sequence names.

```python linenums="1"
import taipy as tp
from my_config import *

scenario = tp.create_scenario(monthly_scenario_cfg)
tasks = scenario.tasks
training_task, predicting_task, planning_task = tasks["training_cfg"], tasks["predicting_cfg"], tasks["planning_cfg"]
scenario.add_sequences({"sales": [training_task, predicting_task], "production": [planning_task]})

# and you can remove sequence
scenario.remove_sequences("sales")
# or
scenario.remove_sequences(["sales", "production"])
```

> 

Reviewer: I am proposing a new API for adding/removing sequences. Can you update this paragraph to reflect the changes?

Thk you
